2022.2:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 5)
 * General: Arbitary Resolution logic is optimized for timing improvements[applicable only for HDMI 2.1]

2022.1.2:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2022.1.1:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2022.1:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Updated the VBLANK and VSYNC positioning in the line as per CTA-861G
 * Bug Fix: timing detection issue is fixed when det_clken is not always high.
 * New Feature: Enabled core for non divisible by 8 resolutions

2021.2.2:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2021.2.1:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2021.2:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 3)
 * New Feature: Enabled core for non divisible by 4 HBLANK resolutions

2021.1.1:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2021.1:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 2)
 * General: Support for framebuffer-less passthrough system in adaptive sync mode

2020.3:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2020.2.2:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 6.2 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Adaptive Sync support for DisplayPort TX SS

2020.1.1:
 * Version 6.2
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 6.2
 * No changes

2019.2.2:
 * Version 6.2
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 6.2
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 6.2
 * Simplified VIDEO_MODE defaults to 3 standard resolutions.
 * Updated the fine adjustment values for resolutions.

2019.1.3:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2018.3.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 13)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 13)
 * Bug Fix: Added active lines register to support SD-SDI resolutions which have a different number of active lines per field.

2018.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2018.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 12)
 * No changes

2017.4:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 12)
 * General: Added validation checks to customization GUI.

2017.3:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 11)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed CDC handshaking problem for back-to-back AXI4-Lite transactions.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed de-assertion of vblank to allow it to coincide with last pixel of the back-porch

2017.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2016.4:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 10)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed problem with AXI4-Lite error response being generated for low resolution video formats.
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for 8K video formats.

2016.3:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 9)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed GUI to prevent disablement of all generation and detection signals.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed GUI for synchronize generator to detector or fsync_in behavior.

2016.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 8)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 7)
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices
 * Fixed clock enable to produce correct video timing

2015.4.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 6)
 * Fixed interlaced video field generation
 * Fixed interlaced video and field-id polarity detection
 * Added generator source select for interlaced video to control register
 * Fixed vsync generation porch width offset issue
 * Added support for Zynq and Kintex UltraScale+ devices
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Fixed vertical timing generation issue when generator clock enable is toggled
 * Fixed field-id timing generation issue when switching between progressive and interlaced
 * Fixed redundant ASYNC_REG attribute to reduce synthesis warning
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter for clock interfaces
 * Kintex ultrascale production support

2014.4.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time
 * XA Artix-7 (Automotive) Production support

2014.3:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 3)
 * IP modified to use new sub-cores, no functional changes

2014.2:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Internal change management process enhancements, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 6.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Defense-grade Artix-7Q, Kintex-7Q, Virtex-7Q and Zynq-7000Q Production support
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Bypass and test patterns modes for the video cores that use the v_tc_v6_2 core now work reliably

2013.4:
 * Version 6.1
 * Added support for interlaced video
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation
 * Added Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Added Automotive Zynq 7000 Production support

2013.3:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Added support for Cadence IES Simulator
 * Added support for Synopsys VCS Simulator

2013.2:
 * Version 6.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Update default constraints for clock period and priority
 * Fixed CDC issue recorded in AR55980

2013.1:
 * Version 6.0
 * Vivado Only Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.
 * Updated GUI Layout
 * Added Out-of-Context XDC Constraints

(c) Copyright 2009 - 2022 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
